so here I have a piece that is cut
from the veal inside round from the leg
a little bit of a tougher piece this is perfect
to use in the delicate so what I want to do is
turn the delicate on and I'm just going to
drop that piece of meat through the delicator
once it's gone through the delicator you can see
the slices from the blades they've perforated
the meat to tenderize it obviously now that
we've opened up this meat there is chance
a bacteria growth within that because it's
open so you don't want to hold this for a
long time you want to process this as quickly as
possible, another application to tenderize meat
is by using a meat mallet that's that one
here obviously you could use one that is a
wooden handle one a little bit more heavier this
one is perfect for this application again got
a little bit of the veal inside round i'm
just going to put this into a plastic bag
when you're tenderizing the meat you want
to make sure that the meat has got enough
room to move it's going to spread because
we need to get this thin if you've got too
many pieces together you won't be able to do the
application correctly I'm going to start off using
what we refer to as the dimple end of the meat
mallet so you're going to start tapping this out
you can also flip it over and do the other side
once i've got that application
done I'm going to use the flat side
this will allow me to create shape
and to flatten the veal
there is the piece that was put through the
delicator and here is the piece that we did using
the traditional meat mallets so again
that is a way of tenderizing cuts of meat